- Here.
- Thank you.
You're welcome.
You're an idiot.
I told you.
I arrive late, but I do arrive.
- Can you charge me?
- It's not necessary.
- Thank you.
- Are you still mad at me?
- No. But we have to talk.
Wait a second.
If you'll allow me...
Listen,
I've always told you everything.
About my father during the war,
about the fevers,
about my boyfriend in the village, Manolín,
who never even gave me a kiss.
But so that you'd know.
You don't tell me anything.
I don't know where you come from,
if you've got family.
My cousin says I'm a fool,
that you're probably married
and have four kids in Segovia.
I'm not married,
and I don't have children.
In Segovia I've never been,
but I'll invite you
to some suckling pig.
- You and your cousin.
- I don't think this is funny!
I'm sorry. You're right.
Ask me whatever you want.
Well... I don't know anything.
Where are you from?
Where's your family?
When the war broke out,
I enlisted in the regiment...
Oh, don't talk to me about the war,
we've had enough of that.
Tell me about your work instead.
You don't want to tell me.
- Why? Is it something bad?
- No.
I work for the government, but...
It's complicated.
They don't let me talk about it.
You'll have to figure something out,
I can't marry a man
and not know where he goes,
when he...
That's why I'll quit.
I'm tired of secrets.
- You said "marry."
- Well, yes... of course.
I want that too, Feli.
A regular life. With you.
- Children, perhaps.
- But not four, eh?
As many as you want.
I still have to do one last job.
When I finish, I promise
I'll come back
and tell you everything.
It's the train that does the route
to the Pyrenees.
We could attack it here,
here and here.
Here, we'd have good access...
Better here. I know the area.
It is in the middle of the mountains,
there are no villages,
nor shepherds.
No witnesses.
I don't think Neffenberg
will surrender without a battle.
I don't want civil casualties.
We'll communicate
as soon as we capture Neffenberg.
That's all.
We'll be waiting for your report.
- Good luck.
- Thank you.
- Gentlemen.
- God be with you.
Well, well, well.
- It went well, right?
- It wasn't bad.
It wasn't bad? It was amazing!
They were all listening to me.
They congratulated me.
- Me!
- You did it well, yeah.
Although, in the future,
you'll have to do it like this
many times.
I've got something for you.
It isn't my birthday.
They're so that you remember me.
This will be my last mission.
When we catch Neffenberg,
I'll retire.
- But Section Nine...
- It can carry on without me.
But we... You and I, I mean.
García and Ortiz, always together...
We have done good work together
all these years.
- No one could have asked more of us.
- But why? Why now?
I've brought you a man's present.
Be a man.
- Ain't I?
- No. You're a boy playing soldiers.
This isn't a game.
Soldiers don't fight
because they like war.
They fight so that war will end,
so they can go back to their homes,
love a woman...
have a family.
They fight for what
we should all fight for.
I don't believe it...
I just don't believe it.
Me neither. You're alive
and exactly the same as 60 years ago.
How is it possible? It's a miracle.
- We have a lot to talk about.
- Yes, a lot. I've got questions.
Look, Dad,
this is really something...
Are you seriously telling me
you are the head of Section Nine?
Unbelievable,
I'm finding out now.
- What are you? Spies? Army?
- Antonia...
What about those Black Ops?
Are they spies too?
Or do they work for another country?
Why were they following me?
What about that envelope
I received with his photo?
- Benito, take her home.
- What? No, no.
I'm not going anywhere.
Especially, not with this man.
- We'll talk later.
- No, I won't.
- Antonia...
- Let go of me!
- Leave me alone!
- Get out!
You have a tracking program installed
on your computer.
That's how the Black Ops found you.
- Delete it.
- What?
- Delete it, I said!
- No, wait! No, no!
Shit!
She's a good girl.
Stubborn as a mule, but a good girl.
Yes. Just like you
when you were her age.
So... you took my advice.
You have a daughter.
- Did you get married?
- The happiest years of my life.
Today, Section Nine...
Well, you've seen it.
Friends are dying...
Antonia is all I have left.
She was there
when I woke up.
She found me in a crypt.
Inside a kind of glass coffin.
Something very complex.
- A crypt?
- It collapsed.
Some men tried to kill us
and one of them blew the place up.
It was like a lab filled
with strange machines...
I guess they were keeping me alive.
Or frozen in time.
- What's the last thing you remember?
- The mission.
Neffenberg was threatening you.
I surrendered. And then...
Just cold.
Darkness.
Neffenberg shot you.
He hit me and knocked me unconscious.
When I opened my eyes, I was alone.
I went back to the base.
I couldn't believe you were dead.
We searched for you, Mr. García,
for years.
- And in the end, I thought that...
- It's okay.
Don't worry.
In 1964, Neffenberg was identified
as one of the victims
of a plane crash in Rome.
Winters is alive.
How is that possible?
I saw him fall...
If he survived, 60 years passed,
he should be old.
His father tried
to make him immortal.
He may not have been able,
but I think he came very close.
Winters survived the fall
from the train and worse.
We know that he escaped from Spain
and went to Haiti.
In the 70s, we found him in Chile,
We lost track of him
in the war in Rwanda,
but he showed up
a few years ago, in Ukraine...
Why hasn't someone caught
this murderer?
They dismantled Section Nine.
They gave me a position as a janitor
at the ministry,
for the services provided...
I saved everything I could,
but I'm the only one left.
And Benito, who's a retired soldier
and worked with me
in the last years of Ninth.
- The locksmith's shop is his.
- I see.
I went to the old HQ.
I think it's a clothing store now.
Things have changed a lot
in this country.
This isn't the Spain we fought for...
I also went to Feli's hair salon.
There was nobody there.
It's been more than 60 years.
I don't know if...
If she's alive, we'll find her.
I promise.
...and it turns out that the head
of this whole thing is my father.
Just so I get this clear.
Your father is a spy?
Well, he's almost 80 years old.
He's not jumping out
of helicopters or that.
But he is the head
of a secret agency.
We have to find out everything
about Section Nine.
But didn't your father tell you
to stay out of it?
Well, yeah, but we'll investigate
and publish this.
If he thinks he can kick me out
and hide things
and that I'm going to stay quiet,
he's wrong.
I'm going back to that locksmith
to ask García to tell me everything.
You might be able
to help us again, Agent Garcia.
This woman was kidnapped.
Catalina Bellido,
presidential candidate
in the upcoming elections.
A woman? Elections?
You'll have to explain
quite a few things.
Spain is a democracy now.
And our country needs us again.
This man is the target.
Rodero, code name 'Hummingbird'.
He's also declaring his candidacy.
He's a communist.
They've been legalized.
But they're behind
the Captain's kidnapping
and may be allied
with the Russians.
- Soviets?
- Capturing him won't be easy.
Since the kidnapping,
politicians have security details.
On top of that,
Rodero has received direct threats,
he gets to the Congress
with bodyguards
and a police patrol follows him everywhere.
Although he barely leaves.
Except... For this.
It's the perfect opportunity
to harvest supporters.
There won't be police in the museum,
only security detail.
The mission is not going to be easy.
Armed men everywhere.
That won't be a problem.
Count on it.
Are you sure you want
to take on the mission?
Isn't it too soon?
Don't you want to rest...?
No, it won't be necessary.
- I'm still a man of action.
- I was sure you'd say that.
You've been reinstated
at Section Nine.
Welcome to the 21st Century.
Hello?
Hey, mate, do you have a lighter?
I'm sorry, mate. Some other time.
You've been hiding here waiting
for me to come out? Are you serious?
No way.
- How did you know I was waiting?
- That's my job.
Besides, you're terrible at hiding.
Go home.
No, please,
I don't understand any of this.
- My father and you...
- Your father told you to go home.
Well, my father also told me
he was a janitor, but no.
It turns out he's like
a James Bond.
- Stop!
- What do you want?
I want you to tell me the truth!
My father lied to me.
I'm his daughter, he should have
told me, shouldn't he?
We all have secrets.
You, for example.
Have you told him about that Ricardo?
- I don't see what that has to do...
- Why haven't you?
I don't know. Because...
Because he's very old and...
In his days, things were different,
he's always worried about me...
So you don't tell him
because you love him
and you don't want him to worry.
Yeah, yeah. Exactly.
No. It's not the same thing.
I mean, not at all.
It's got nothing to do with it.
How about you?
- You're working for my father?
- I'm sorry, that's confidential.
- So you are!
- Antonia...
- Are you on a mission...
- This is it. Go home.
Keep it all to yourself if you want.
But you've got a phone, I saw it.
So I'm going to give you my number
just in case.
Call me or text me,
whatever you want.
By the way,
you should set your Face ID.
- Never mind.
- Thank you for everything, Antonia.
Get back home right away.
Don't make your dad worry.
Hard days are waiting ahead
for all of us.
BREAKING NEWS
RIOTS CONTINUE IN MADRID
Protests continue. Rodero,
what can you say about this?
Jesús, this is what happens
every time
you put a microphone
in front of Hernando
and he accuses us
of the kidnapping...
Our HQ has been assaulted
and we have been threatened...
Here he goes again.
What a pain.
...in the streets
but also at the ballot box.
Enough. There's no space
for whining in politics.
Hernando, this has to end.
We've dropped two points
in the polls.
- What the fuck do these people want?
- Less yelling and more results.
They want us to find Captain
and get things back to normal.
- If you had done...
- Look.
Don't start now
with the fucking "I told you so."
I show my face
to defend the President!
The President's retired,
but we can make a statement.
The President's old.
He's not retired, he's finished.
He's useless
for this or anything else.
Rodero is right.
You're campaigning.
If the Captain isn't located, someone
will have to take her place.
- Step up for the Election...
- Wow.
Mr. Secretary of State,
took you a while to figure that out.
You're old too. This party's full
of old men and goddamn fogies.
But this is going to change.
We need young blood here...
Excuse me. Mr. Secretary,
I need to speak with you.
Jaime, please,
we're in a meeting.
This is really important,
and it will be a matter of a minute.
Tend to him. We're finished here.
I'm going to make some calls.
So, what is it?
Is the maintenance room on fire?
No, it's not on fire.
Well, unless there's a fire,
don't ever knock on this door
or interrupt a meeting again,
do you understand?
- I'm sorry. It won't happen again.
- Good.
But if you'd like to be a Minister
in the next government,
you should listen to me.
What did you say?
Hernando puffs up like a peacock
in front of the cameras.
But he doesn't know how to solve
this crisis. He's terrified.
Come with me and I promise
that you will be the hero
who solves it and will be all over
the press, Mr. Secretary.
Okay. Of course, don't worry...
Put a hundred more.
- What's that machine?
- An industrial scale.
- How much is he lifting?
- Around a ton.
- Mother of God.
- He's impressive, isn't he?
Let's see. Look, Jaime,
I appreciate you trusting me
and telling me all this.
About Section Nine, about this man,
or whatever he is.
But we're in the middle of a crisis,
- and there's no time to lose.
- Hernando is in a headlong rush.
He leaked that the police are
investigating left-wing groups.
I'm not saying Rodero is behind
the Captain's kidnapping,
but he's not telling all he knows.
The police can't question him
because they have no evidence.
- But we can.
- Hold on. Hold on.
Are you saying
what I think you're saying?
I ask you to save the Captain
and this country,
- because no one else can do it.
- No, Jaime, no.
In my position, if this got out,
I'd be a disaster.
You're not going to do it.
He's going to do it.
If all goes to plan,
we'll set Catalina Bellido free
and we'll turn Rodero in
to the authorities.
And when the Captain is president,
she'll be grateful to the man
who saved her.
What if it goes wrong?
If it goes wrong...
García doesn't exist.
There's no record in the system.
For all intents and purposes,
he's a ghost.
No one could ever connect him to you.
- And is he willing?
- He will be, don't worry.
No one has sacrificed himself more
for his country like that man.
All clear.
Oh, my God! Take a picture!
He's coming! Hey, don't push me!
Hello, Mr. Rodero.
Do you mind if we get some pictures?
Sir. "Hummingbird" is entering.
- Agent García, do you hear us?
- Loud and clear.
"Hummingbird" is entering.
He has three bodyguards with him.
Do you hear me, Agent García?
Don't you think that you can drop
the formality?
- It won't seem strange to you?
- I haven't seen you in 60 years.
Last week you didn't have to shave,
and now you're bald.
I could get used to it.
This guy is a hell of a kid.
Hold on.
How many meters left
for the engine room?
Let's see... Let me check the map.
From the opening in the sewers
you should have...
...ten meters left. Why?
I can't continue. It's impossible.
It is sealed
with reinforced concrete.
No. It can't be.
It's not on the map.
The map is at least thirty years old.
- I assume it's been restored.
- There is no time.
I don't care what the map says,
we need another way in.
Other than the front door,
it's our only way into the museum.
- Do we abort?
- No...
What is it right on top of me?
You're below a photographic negatives storehouse.
There're some phone lines, a pipe,
and a one meter wall.
- What are you going to do?
- Make my way in.
Good! Good. He's in!
I'm in.
- Wait. Where is he?
- I don't know. He disappeared.
García. García.
Do you copy me?
- Ortiz. Ortiz, do you copy me?
- I think he can't hear us.
Must be the frequency inhibitors.
I'll search in another channel.
Nothing.
Get him back!
- Clear entry point.
- There he is! Boss!
Where?
- Shit!
- What's happening?
- He's heading for a meeting point.
- What?
Two agents.
- Excuse me, sir. You can't be here.
- Thank God. I think I'm lost.
Didn't you see the sign?
Yes, but I needed to go
to the toilet and...
García! García, do you copy me?
I don't understand.
Police, civil guards, security...
Where the hell
do these two come from?
But I ended up lost on my way back.
Thank God, I found you.
Come with me, I'll show you the way.
- They're escorting him to the room.
- Unbelievable.
There are no longer agents like him
in the NIC or the Armed Forces.
It's so hard to quit smoking.
Good luck with that.
The device is ready.
Excuse me.
Confirm your position.
Copy. I'm inside.
I've located "Hummingbird."
- Are you sure it's here?
- Aquilino said he always comes here.
Want some?
- What's that?
- Almonds.
If you don' want any,
don't worry, I've got everything.
A bottle of water, pistachios,
raisins, chocolate,
some magazines,
in case this really goes on...
- Aspirin, omelet...
- Omelet?
I know, it's too much,
but the container
could come in handy,
in case we need to save
a dismembered member.
- What are you saying?
- I'm kidding. In case we want to pee.
Someone's coming!
Do you think that's him?
He doesn't look like a secret agent.
Where are you going?
Let's build a strategy!
- Wait here.
- Hold on!
Antonia!
Antonia, wait!
- I told you to wait!
- Why?
I don't know. Look, if I'm not here
in 15 minutes, wait another 15.
Girl! A rum on the rocks.
Hi. Excuse me. Are you Barea?
- I'm a friend of Aquilino.
- You're the journalist, right?
I've got nothing to say to you.
Tell Aquilino
he's a son of a bitch.
I am a journalist,
but I'm also Jaime's daughter.
I mean Ortiz's.
You do look like him.
But you look more like your mother.
Yeah, that's what my father says.
Did you know her?
Many years ago...
It's just a long story.
Well, I'm not in a hurry.
Look, you're not going to like
what I have to say.
Ladies and gentlemen.
It's an honor for me to receive here,
at the National Museum,
Your Majesties,
the King and Queen of Spain.
His Highness is tall.
The son of Juan Carlos.
You knew I him as a prince.
He abdicated seven years ago.
Juanito.
What about her?
A commoner. And divorced.
- Divorced?
- Divorce has been legal since 1981.
- Thank God.
- Benito.
Thank you.
I'd like to thank you for coming,
especially Your Majesties
and Mr. Hernando and Mr. Rodero
for joining us
on this special occasion.
I'd like to begin this act
with a toast.
Well, we're all vaccinated, right?
How long
till the device is activated?
- Two minutes.
- Here we go.
"The Surrender of Breda"
represents
a crucial moment in the history
of Spain.
General Spinola sieged the city
of Breda.
Justino van Nassau
defended it for a year.
This battle left thousands
of people dead.
Velázquez pictured the exact moment
when Nassau delivers the keys
of the city to his enemy.
Spinola doesn't allow Nassau
to kneel before him.
It's a moment of harmony,
of recognizing the values
that both share and fight for.
Honor, bravery
and love for the homeland.
Four centuries later,
we toast for the same values.
To the harmony. To the unity.
Excuse me.
- Give me a minute, boys.
- We've got a problem.
-"Hummingbird" is leaving the room.
- What's up now?
A phone call.
It seems important.
It's his wife.
They're having a baby.
Just now.
I got this.
Excuse me.
- Mr. Rodero.
- Yes?
Hold on, baby.
- Come with me, please.
- Why? Who are you?
Thirty seconds till the device
is activated.
We've received a bomb threat.
We have to get out of the building.
- Come with me.
- What?
- Show me your ID.
- There's no time. I've got orders.
Come with me, please.
And tell me your full name.
Five seconds.
Three, two... one...
My name is...
Over here!
Quickly! They're over there!
Come on. Go, go, go!
Don't let him get away!
- But who are you?
- Starting extraction.
Extraction? Extraction of what?
Stop!
- No, no! Wait, wait! Wait!
- I got him. I'm on my way.
- Perfect.
- Wait! Wait!
You're the people
who took the Captain, right?
Are you going to kill me?
I'm going to have a child,
don't hurt me.
Please, I'm begging you.
Don't let them escape! Quickly!
Freeze! Don't move!
García, do you copy me?
Loud and clear.
Everything under control.
- Shit!
- What now?
They found him. They're armed.
Agent García.
Agent García, do you copy me?
Target secured.
Bless God!
Aquilino told me some things,
but my father and García nothing.
I've got tons of questions.
Who created the Section Nine?
What are its missions?
You think all this is great fun,
don't you?
It's like a spy film!
My father is a super-secret agent!
It's so exciting!
- Listen, I'm not saying that.
- Then what the fuck are you saying?
- What do you want to know?
- Well... The truth?
I told you, you won't like it.
- Well, I still want to hear it.
- Oh, really?
Then, your father's not a patriot
who fights for freedom and justice.
He's a bastard.
And we're lucky there aren't others
like him.
Section Nine was created
to help this country.
And for a time, it did.
Until your father took the reins.
The best thing democracy did
was putting an end to it.
I'd have locked your father
up myself
- and thrown the key away.
- What?
Think of all the horrible things
that you know about that time,
multiply them by a thousand.
And imagine your father
giving the orders.
No... No, you're lying!
Because my father...
My father is a good person.
Believe what you want, kid.
I don't give a fuck.
Another rum, please.
Easy. Easy, easy!
That's it.
- It's okay. All good.
- Thank you.
- Aren't you going to eat?
- You're still in top form.
- We're still a great team.
- Yeah.
- Hell of a kid...
- What are you going to do with him?
Whatever is necessary until
he tells us where the Captain is.
There's something
I wanted to tell you.
Rodero said something to me.
Something very strange.
He asked me if we were involved
in the kidnapping.
Of course.
He wanted to confuse you.
He asked me if we had killed her.
He was afraid I'd kill him too.
- Are you sure that he's involved?
- There's no doubt.
I'll come for the interrogation.
There's no need to.
Take some time off
and forget about it.
Devotion first, Ortiz.
- I could do it myself.
- No, no.
You just keep a low profile
until things calm down,
and leave the strategy to me.
- I don't think that's necessary.
- I'm not used to being questioned.
And especially not by an agent.
I understand that you still think
we're colleagues,
but that hasn't been true
for 60 years.
- Now you're my boss.
- I am.
You told me to be a man.
Well, I am now.
I'm sorry, I didn't mean
to speak to you like that.
And I didn't mean
to question your orders.
You're right.
Let me know when you need something.
- I'm going to get changed.
- Your suit is not ready yet.
60-year-old blood
is really difficult to clean.
Thanks, Benito.
García.
More instructions?
A gift.
- What is this?
- Feli's address.
- She's still alive?
- I imagined you'd react that way.
Is she all right? Does she know?
You should ask her yourself,
don't you think?
You have one voice message.
Today, at 18:23 hours.
It's Antonia. I just talked to a guy
and I think you can't trust my dad.
I know, you really know him,
but I've been told many things
and I don't know.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
Call me, please.
Hello, Antonia.
The number you're calling is off
or out of range.
You can leave a message
after the beep.
Hello, Antonia. How are you?
I hope you're well. I'm good.
About your father...
I don't know what to say.
We were friends, of course,
but he's not the boy I used to know.
I don't know... It's been 60 years.
A whole lifetime, Antonia.
He has changed, I suppose.
Everything has changed so much...
The only thing I know is
I can't return to Section Nine.
I need to hang up.
Let's talk another time. Bye.
Excuse me, do you know if...?
Yes?
- Feli?
- Excuse me?
I'm... I'm looking
for Felicidad Martínez.
- And you are...?
- My name is...
You.
- Mom!
- Feli!
- Mom? Jesus, Mom, you scared me.
- What happened?
You spaced out and you fell.
At least, you didn't hit your head.
Have you taken your pill?
Is it really you? I'm not dreaming?
- Who is this?
- No, no, no. You can't be alive.
It's impossible. Impossible.
Maybe you did hit your head.
Let's go to the hospital.
- Leave us on our own, please.
- Mum?
Don't worry. It's okay.
It's all right, really. Please.
I'll be in the next room,
phoning the kid.
- If anything happens...
- Thank you.
- Do you want something to drink?
- No.
Well, I do.
I'm... I'm going to make a linden.
Can we talk or are you going
to send me to my room?
I'll record everything,
I don't care what you say.
You've come here
for me to tell you the truth.
Well, this is the truth.
It's the only photo I have
of my parents.
They died when I was a boy.
I had to live on the street,
stealing, begging...
until García found me.
He took care of my education.
He was like a father to me.
When I was old enough,
I started to work in Section Nine.
So you worked for Franco's regime.
Well... We worked for Spain.
Which was a dictatorship.
Dad, I am not a fool. You did...
You did bad things, didn't you?
We did what we had to do.
We fought for our country,
for a better country for our kids.
I risked my life thousand times
and I'd do it again.
So did García.
I don't expect you to understand.
Things were different then.
Did Mom know anything about this?
No, I told her I worked
for the government, that's all.
I guess over time
she would have worked it out herself.
She was just as curious as you.
You've never told me what happened.
- You told me about the accident...
- It was quick.
Thank God.
I was with her to the end...
- We had time.
- Time for what?
To say goodbye.
God took everything that night,
but at least he left us that.
After that,
there isn't much more to tell.
I didn't know
how to look after a baby...
Thanks to the neighbors,
you didn't die when you were one.
García disappeared.
Your mother as well.
They were the past.
You were... a new life.
Then I decided that
I was never going to look back again.
That's why I never told you anything.
Do you understand?
Well... You've had enough for today.
Dad! Dad, I... I've got a boyfriend.
His name's Riki, Ricardo.
He's a bit older but he's nice.
- We've been dating for a year and...
- A year and a half?
A year and a half with a boy
and you didn't tell me anything?
Sorry, I... I'm not one to talk.
Look, call this... Ricardo.
Tell him to come and have a drink,
so I can get to know him.
- Really?
- Yes, really.
Things have to be done properly.
Open it.
I thought the wedding dress
wouldn't fit you.
It was your maternal grandmother's.
The band is alloy,
it isn't worth much.
She gave it to your mother
when we got married.
I guess she would have wanted
to give it to you at the right time.
We aren't living together
or anything...
Well, keep it until it is the time.
For tomorrow, next month,
or in ten years.
I've taken a lot of things from you,
and I wanted this to be
the first thing I gave back.
Go on, call... Ricardo.
Tell him to come.
But clean up that mess of a room.
- Did you take your afternoon pill?
- Guilty as charged.
Dad... I'll bring it to you.
GARCÍA
VOICE MESSAGE
Hello, Antonia. How are you?
I hope you're well. I'm good.
About your father...
I don't know what to say.
We were friends, of course,
but he's not the boy I used to know.
It's been more than 60 years.
A whole lifetime, Antonia.
He has changed, I suppose.
Everything has changed so much.
The only thing I know
is I can't return to Section Nine.
I need to hang up.
Let's talk another time.
DELETE MESSAGE
Hello? Hello?
Is anybody there?
Help, please! Help!
It's the only one I have.
I threw out all the others
when you disappeared.
I'm sorry, Feli. I'm so sorry.
You haven't aged a single day.
How is that possible?
It's...
It's complicated.
If you're going to lie,
better you don't say anything.
- I'm not going to lie to you.
- No?
You said that we were going
to get married,
to have a family.
You said you were going to come back,
to wait for you...
Why have you come?
I don't know.
When I found out that you were
still alive, I suppose that...
I needed to know you were all right.
That you are happy.
I shouldn't have.
It's best if I leave.
I looked after my mother.
I worked in the hairdresser's...
and I waited for you.
I waited for you for so long.
I didn't want to move,
in case you came back some day.
So that you could find me.
Then my mother died.
And I got married.
To a client at the hairdresser's.
He'd been courting me for years.
A lot of time had passed and I...
I didn't want to be on my own.
Ignacio was his name.
He was an honest man.
He gave me Julita,
the best thing in my life.
- She looks a lot like you.
- She's a very good girl.
I can't complain.
I've been happy, and...
I've done what I wanted.
The only thing I've wondered
all these years is...
if you left because...
Because you didn't love me.
Because you didn't love me
as I loved you.
I love you, Feli.
I love you more than anything
in this world.
I know almost 60 years have passed,
but for me the fair was two days ago.
Do you know I have never been able
to listen to that song again?
I couldn't.
- I don't know what to say.
- Don't say anything.
What is it?
Follow me.
- What's happening?
- I don't know. I don't...
Lock the door
and hide behind the bed.
- But...
- But why?
Police, hands up!
Hands up!
On the floor, police!
Feli.
- What's happening?
- Mom, don't get close.
No, stop, stop! Dad, please!
Mom?
- Mom!
- No, don't!
Mom! Mom!